# Project-Information-Management-System
# Built using ASP.NET MVC5 framework

The PIMS software requirements are as follows: 
 
1. The user must login using a login screen. The user must have valid credentials to log in to the Project Information Management System application(PIMS). 
   a) If user credentials does not match, an invalid credentials message is displayed. 
   b) If a user needs to register, contact information for system administrator is displayed on the login page. 
   c) A separation between Genomics Research Laboratory(GRL) users and Genomics Research Laboratory staff homepage layout. Users who are not staff must have limited access to the application features. Submit project is the only feature where GRL users will interact with the database. Data entry, project tracking, search options, generate reports features are hidden from the users who are not GRL staff. 
 
2. After successful login, PIMS presents homepage to the user. Homepage contains useful information to educate users about services offered by Genomics Research Laboratory. 
   a) Homepage is the starting point from where user can navigate to different links and forms. 
   b) A user has “help” menu to seek help on important topics. 
   c) “Submit new project” menu to submit new service request to the GRL. 
   d) “About” page to describe GRL mission statement. 
   e) “Contact us” page where users can find GRL staff contact information. 
 
3. GRL staff should use PIMS to enter new project information. The new projects get added to the queue. New projects in the queue are visible to all staff members. 
 
4. GRL staff can select a project from the queue and add relevant data generated from experiments and submit the project. Once the project data is submitted, data is recorded in the database and project status is updated to complete. A project that is complete will be removed from the new projects queue. This is applicable to all the new projects. 
 
 
5. A project tracking feature to track projects that are not finished. This page is the key feature of the PIMS application and is very useful to the managers. The project tracking page should 
   a) Display all the unfinished projects in a descending order of the time since they were submitted. The projects with longest time are displayed at the top. 
   b) Highlight the projects that have longer than GRL specified turnaround times for easy identification. 
   c) Provide search box to search for a specific project. 
   d) Also displays the average current turnaround time for different services offered by GRL. 
 
6. Ability for GRL staff to generate simple reports like, total projects in a year, Total projects broken down by service type, total funds generated by GRL by charging for services. 
